Client/README.md, before:

# Kuwa Client

This part of the project is the UI for the Client

## Getting Started

Follow the instructions here to build the project

### Prerequisites

You will need to have the latest version of [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed

Once [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) is installed, you will be able to install Cordova globally
```
$ sudo npm install -g cordova
```

Check that all Cordova requirements are met before continuing
```
$ cordova requirements
```

You may check this [site](https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/latest/guide/cli/index.html) for troubleshooting

### Installing

Simply run the following command to install all the Node dependencies
```
$ npm install
```

### Compiling

To generate the apk from the source code, simply run
```
$ ./build.sh
```
or
```
$ bash build.sh
```

The apk folder will contain the latest apk version inside generated after running build.sh

## Deployment

Install the apk in any Android device

## Authors

* **The Kuwa Foundation, Inc. (kuwa.org)**
* **Hrishikesh Kashyap**
* **Jim Flynn**
* **Carlos Daniel Mondragón Chapa**

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/your/project/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License

Commit message:

Update README.md after problems with cordova

Client/README.md, after:

# Kuwa Client

This part of the project is the UI for the Client

## Getting Started

Follow the instructions here to build the project

### Prerequisites

You will need to have the latest version of [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) installed

Once [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/en/) is installed, you will be able to install Cordova globally
```
$ sudo npm install -g cordova
```

Make sure you have the latest Gradle version, Java 8, and Android Studio installed and that ALL the paths are set up correctly.
You may check this [site](https://cordova.apache.org/docs/en/latest/guide/cli/index.html) for troubleshooting with Gradle, Java, and Android Studio paths and other issues.

### Installing

Simply run the following command to install all the Node dependencies
```
$ npm install
```

### Compiling

To generate the apk from the source code, simply run
```
$ ./build.sh
```
or
```
$ bash build.sh
```

The apk folder will contain the latest apk version inside generated after running build.sh

## Deployment

Install the apk in any Android device

## Authors

* **The Kuwa Foundation, Inc. (kuwa.org)**
* **Hrishikesh Kashyap**
* **Jim Flynn**
* **Carlos Daniel Mondragón Chapa**

See also the list of [contributors](https://github.com/your/project/contributors) who participated in this project.

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License
